uh so John first up just tell us more
about what the president said children
and
their the president told an American
Network civilians have been killed in
Gaza as a consequence of those bombs in
other ways in which they go after
population centers he said I made it
clear that if they go into Rafa they
haven't gone into Rafa yet if they go
into Rafa I'm not supplying the weapons
that have been used historically to deal
with Rafa to deal with the cities that
deal with that problem in other words
the president is saying he doesn't want
to have any part in supplying the
weapons that go into
Rafa and he's urged Israel he's urged
Benjamin Netanyahu not to go into Rafa
the Israeli Army is going in any way it
appears and the US president appears to
be finally drawing a line at some point
now he's under a lot of pressure if you
look around me you can see why across
the us there have been these protests
and even Democrats especially Democrats
have been pressuring the the president
to draw the line somewhere and to
pressure Israel into a ceasefire and
this seems to be his first direct act
the first time President Biden has
actually pushed back and said
no so John tell us more about what's
happening behind you there Biden's due
to speak shortly of course we've had
protest going
on no
sure thing uh President Biden is uh at a
fundraiser it's very near me if the
camera were to turn just to the right
that hotel is where the uh the
fundraiser is being held that's the
Palmer hotel and it is Rush Hour in
Chicago and as you can see traffic on
State Street a famous street here in
town is stomped dead while these
protesters stop movement of traffic I
can tell you having tried to get here
from another part of town that they've
been very
successful so what they're doing here is
making a point while President Biden is
literally within hearing distance of
them and they're insisting that what
he's done is not enough that it is a
first step what they want is an actual
ceasefire this goes beyond those
protests we've seen at universities
across the US this is an instance of
people in the city the public non
students and students as well getting
together and as you can see police have
uh surrounded them in order to stop
traffic but they're not making arrests
they're allowing them to continue this
protest and it looks like it may go on
for some time
here John thanks for that John we'll be
back with you uh as that event unfolds
thanks very much indeed John hend there
in
Chicago make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler